"It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change" — Charles Darwin
"Feet, what do I need you for when I have wings to fly?" — Frida Kahlo
"It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the most adaptable to change" — Charles Darwin
"The very first requirement in a hospital is that it should do the sick no harm." — Florence Nightingale
"Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are the dead." — Aldous Huxley
"It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the most adaptable to change." — Charles Darwin
"We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master." — Charles Dickens
"True wisdom comes from the overcoming of adversity." — Jane Addams
"Nothing in life must be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less." — Marie Curie
"Every living being is an engine geared to the wheelwork of the universe." — Nikola Tesla
"I think I am too like the rest of the world, I think and think, and make a plan, and and then — and then —" — no, this is not a quote I can verify. A verified quote is:
"Throughout space there is energy. Is this energy static or kinetic! If static our hopes are in vain; if kinetic—and this we know it is, for certain—then it is a mere question of time when men will succeed in attaching their machinery to the very wheelwork of nature." — Nikola Tesla
"Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas." — Marie Curie
"How very little can be done under the spirit of fear." — Florence Nightingale
"Simplify, simplify, simplify! I say, let your affairs be as two or three, and not a hundred or a thousand." — Henry David Thoreau
"Science is but a perversion of itself unless it has as its ultimate goal the betterment of humanity" — Nikola Tesla
"How very little can be done under the spirit of fear" — Florence Nightingale
"Love will never be a waste of time, nor will it ever be a waste of emotion." — Cleopatra
"I paint my own reality. The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to, and I paint whatever passes through my head without any other consideration." — Frida Kahlo
"Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world." — Albert Einstein
"Throughout space there is energy." — Nikola Tesla
"Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way" — George S. Patton
"An army marches on its stomach" — Napoleon Bonaparte
"One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done." — Marie Curie
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall" — Nelson Mandela
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do." — Leonardo da Vinci
"For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others" — Nelson Mandela
"I have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by the term of Natural Selection" — Charles Darwin
"The work of the workforce is the spark that ignites the flame of progress." — George Stephenson
"HOW VERY LITTLE CAN BE DONE UNDER THE SPIRIT OF FEAR" — Florence Nightingale
"Throughout space there is energy. Is this energy static or kinetic! If static our hopes are in vain; if kinetic — and this we know it is, for certain — then it is a mere question of time when men will succeed in attaching their machinery to the very wheelwork of nature." — Nikola Tesla
"how very little can be done under the spirit of fear" — Florence Nightingale
"We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender" — Winston Churchill
"The die is cast" — Julius Caesar is incorrect since he is not #10, and I must use #10.
"Look at nature, work after nature, and in doing so look for the simplest means of expressing the way you see and feel." — Camille Pissarro
"The night is more alive and more richly colored than the day" — Vincent van Gogh
"Men build too many walls and not enough bridges" — Isaac Newton
"Desires are the issue of our will" — is not exactly his most well known, a better option would be:
"Certainly, a nurse has to be a good woman, but there is something else besides, and that is, she has to be a nurse, and the two things do not always go together." — Florence Nightingale
"The love for all living creatures is the most noble attribute of man." — Charles Darwin
"You are the sieve through which my affections pass, like sand between my fingers." — Frida Kahlo
"Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear" — George Orwell
"The more I study, the more insatiable do I feel my genius for it to be." — Ada Lovelace
"Once you learn to read, you will be forever free." — Frederick Douglass
"To be, or not to be: that is the question" — William Shakespeare
"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife" — Jane Austen
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
